# 00. Promo Video

Hello and welcome to my coding course to build a full-fledged e-commerce website exactly like amazon by the best tech stack in the world: Nextjs, Postgres Database and Shadcn UI.

- we will develop an attractive homepage that follows the best design practices we have. A hero section, new collections, ongoing deals, all complemented by shop features.

- we'll create a search page that allows users to explore products, apply category, price and rating filters like amazon.

- Also we develop a concise product Details page with variants selection, rate and review product and product recommendations.

- we implement a shopping cart system which works with or without authentication. users can adjust quantity, get instant updates to the pricing or remove products from the cart.

- We create user authentication with a secure login using google, magic link, and email&password.

- Then, we develop a simple checkout process which is optimized for the best user experience, get shipping address using google map and process payments by PayPal or Stripe.

- and you'll also develop a user-friendly account page which allows users to update personal information see past purchases, order details and of course a log out option.

- that's just the start the real fun is the admin panel from where you can control absolutely anything on your shop website starting from ecommerce overview, easily add new products, oversee orders and manage customers.

My name is Basir and I’ll be your instructor in this course. I am a senior web developer in international companies like ROI Vision in Montreal, and a coding instructor with 50 thousands students around the world.

You need to open the code editor along with me and start coding throughout this course.
I teach you:

- creating e-commerce website pages by next.js server components
- designing header, footer, sidebar, menu and search box by shadcn and tailwind
- quick view products in modals using nextjs parallel routes with intercepting routes
- create database models by drizzle orm and postgres database
- handling form inputs by react-hook-forms and zod data validator
- updating data by server actions without using any api
- managing shopping cart using http cookies on server side
- handling authentication and authorization by next-auth
- creating customer dashboard to update profile and track orders
- and implement a fully-functional admin dashboard with beautiful charts and handling products, orders and users

Also you will learn how to use online services like

- PayPal and Stipe for online payment,
- Vercel for website deployment and postgres database
- Google Map to locate customer address on map
- Resend service to email order receipt
- Uploadthing to upload product images

I designed this course for web developers and entrepreneurs:

If you are or want to a web developer, take this course to become a professional web developer, have a great project in your portfolio and get a job in 22 million job opportunities around the world.

If you are an entrepreneurs, take this course to to launch your startup and sell your products and services using this fully-functional e-commerce website and earn money from your idea.

The only requirement for this course is having basic knowledge on react and next.js.

Feel free to take a look at the course preview and enroll if it is along with your ambitions.
